## 10.30
---
>[!My Favorite Food]
>&emsp;My favorite food is [[Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs]], a kind of a Chinese traditional food, which is beloved by thousands of people. I'm not sure which cuisine of [[Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs]] I've been eating. What I only know is that when I tasted it for the first time, I just fell in love with it, I had never tasted so delicate pork before, and it impressed me a lot.<br>
>&emsp;Time flies, it maybe not difficult to eat some delicious food, but little could bring the same breathtaking feeling ilke [[Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs]], there are many reasons, may be the deep impression on me in my childhood, or the descreasing desire for food...<br>

## 11.6
---
>[!My Hometown]
>&emsp;My hometown which is named Pingdingshan is located in the central part of Henan, and it prefectly confilms the stereotpe that the south emphasizes the economy, while the north emphasizes the politics. Yes, my hometown is poor.<br>
>&emsp;In fact,Pingdingshan used to be famous for it's ample coal resources. However, resources are limited, I know the day that the city would not be allowed to dig coal for the overexploitation, but I don't expect that the day would come so early that I even haven't seen the glory. This may be the inevitable law of development for a recource-based city, I'm upset for all the workers living by digging coal, also for the city. After that, my hometown decayed rapidly.<br>
>&emsp;Even though the metrial life may not be that abundant,I still had a fulfilling life in the past eighteen years. I had a pusu and meimande childhood, I lived in a small village where all the people had intimate relationship.At that time, most of my time was spent in palying with fellows, but I didn't feel bored. Because we had a few chances to contact with the outside world, we had no anxiety about future.<br>
>&emsp;I love my hometown definitely, this place carries my happiness as a child and is a important ladder of my life.<br>

## 11.13
---
>[!what is love]
>&emsp;Do you ever wonder what love is?What it like to be appreciated for just who you are, to be respected for just how you become yourself because of all that you have suffered. To be really seen from within, to be really heard in your wishes and your limits. someone who reads between the lines. Someone who loves you for your beautiful and less baeutiful sides, and who can still find you incredibly beautiful, pure, because who you are. Someone who is there for you in the darkest times, and who stays. Someone who you are. Someone who is there for you, and no one else. Someone who will settle for you. Someone who loves you as you love.

## 11.18
---
>[!the place I dream to go to]
>&emsp;The place I dream to go to is Hong Kong.<br>
>&emsp;Hong Kong is best known as a shoppers' paradise. There is, however, so much more to Hong Kong than shopping. I can enjoy views of the city from high altitude, sample local food, celebrate festivals, watch sports competitions, and visit movie settings in the city.<br>
>&emsp;Famed as a shoppers' paradise, Hong Kong offers a unique shopping experience. From trendy boutiques to traditional stores with Chinese traditional products, from luxurious shopping malls to active street markets, you can find everything from the latest designer fashions and electronic products to best-value collectibles and antiques.<br>
>&emsp;I believe that I can take advantage of the convenient transport and developed infrastructure etc. My travel to Hong Kong could be relaxing, joyful and meaningful.


Answer to two questions
---
>[!weekly]
> >As I see the world.there's one element that's even more [[corrosive]] than missionaries: tourists. It's not that I feel above them in any way, but that the very places they [[patronize]] are destroyed by their affection.<br>
> >$~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~$-Tahir Shah, House ofthe Tiger King: The Ouest for a Lost City<br>
>
>**Answer**
 >- Shah means that the tourists are more than destructive to the environment, they come to a place for fun and relaxing, but they always care less about the environment and don't have responsbility to the mess they creat.
 >- **I don't agree with him.** It can't be simply generalized that 
